good news i had to collect these coins
again hate i hate how at the right click
the jockey o.o shrek a pic doesn't man
i'm lily pads a big fat ass she's a
keeper well electricial I place all
important Houston oh we don't care about
Whitney Houston I'll probably Whitney
Houston it's kind of shocking stuff guys
ah IC donkey fuck you ok baby hunchback
who left the car this is the control
Tyler controls are really learned how do
pick up no no he said he has to go eat
or something you'll be back in and run
this feels like it's like Grand Theft
Auto but was lookin like the way you how
did he find us a shot no one oh yes we
were real cake what's your fondest
Whitney memory this is turning into the
Whitney Houston moisture that one time
that they did well I've ever hmm make it
over the map I decided right now I had a
double jump what but at what host reckon
it'll be good out there fuck yeah double
jumping you'll be double jumping in no
it's just beautiful mm-hmm this is the
main age hey double jump do you guys see
that haha
where's like where's like my where's my
applause I just double joke you guys
physically bizarre yeah weird donkey
coins get my pouch how many donkey coins
I got 18 oh look look four leaf clover
okay while you'll just tell me why is
donkey telling honey how to do stuff
don't even bury nappies hey hold on I
want to be over here when I get up to
the four-leaf clover honey killing Turk
okay this is awesome game viz open oh he
robot keep my eyes peeled for the hero
bars I want to play a meeting for my
seekers oh do not feel like pina video
I'm going if they share if you want
played over who the heck is this person
this is not from the movie whos this fat
angry these controls suck by the way you
like Carl why can I not get up you
what's the deal use your arms back let
me know oh I had a double jump ahead w
KY yeah double shit up on that little
girl I know there goes that ferry by
forever look well a little bit like
winching in between yeah it's all likely
the side of the world their assault
forever person look at this shit Rick
people afford to get that four leaf
clover usually around okay I give it you
donkey creep your health back go go boy
why is donkey tell me about my health so
much double jumping in this game DJ
does anyone in the chat saying anything
fun can you change the controls at all
there I tried to phone they can't watch
your liking here's my ride to the kind
of a Whitney Houston I just don't care
about waiting to show those he's dead
yeah video noxious make me problems into
microscopic solutions with itsy bitsy
now get you to survival free having bad
hair day unsightly blemishes try my CD
not in physical industry you won't have
to do with headaches not the sound
speakers and you pick up by your mic
that's my family but don't forget to do
about back but there's no sound quality
so you're saying the audience is hearing
the sound to my hit's it I'm huge number
your headset oh yeah you are yeah but if
I am nothing curious is sooo yeah
remember the XO we're talking with
earlier yeah you don't they're doing the
game sounds too okay we had the whole
audio testing we're done never know if
losing to this Whitney Houston maybe
yeah I was but you let how hot you can
rip it down Oh shucks I wish I could
just use myspace part for jumping
do an estimate on a long weekend wanted
to carry I'll have to tip this guy do I
this guy is too funny donkey is yes I
was supposed to get last table that's
just how high your work bum bum one